hey Tim you watch decide and ride
welcome to our detailed breakdown of the
new field cheer ladies adventure tour
jacket available at revzilla.com
so to my left I have Chrissy wearing the
BMW flavor version of the field to your
adventure tour I consider a four season
adventure touring style jacket very
obvious name but I think they named it
correctly and if we look at it it's
going to be rugged it's gonna have great
protection shoulders elbows as well as
an included seee rated back protector on
a beefy enough shell and the four-season
factor for me really comes from the fact
that you have flexibility with two
liners to drop but the outer shell has
six different vents on the front a few
different vents on the back top of the
shoulder bicep as well as chest to get
that intake into the jacket great
exhaust out the back and then internally
you're going to have a rain garden
Animax liner has a little bit of stretch
it's waterproof breathable full sleeve
completely removable and on the interior
of that a secondary drop liner which is
going to be ex canary
very thin it's actually half the weight
and thickness of the similar amount of
Thinsulate but four times the warmth the
first time we saw ex can air was on some
of the super premium European brands
three to four years ago it's neat to see
it permeating the field sheer line here
at a sub $400 price point now thinking
quickly about fit ladies again you're
looking at four different colors
available and fit wise you have Chrissy
to my left wearing a medium she's gonna
be five five one forty five she's
wearing the medium it's more of an
American or touring style building this
bad boy not overly aggressive meant
really for the operator tuck position
but you could really ride it in any
position and if you think through that
you're not going to be surprised there's
plenty of adjustability notice
adjustability in the biceps as long as
well as the forearms and if I turn
Chrissy sideways you're gonna see it
around the waist and the hips as well
remember if you're concerned about fit
we do ship for free and there are plus
sizes available as well that increase
the volume of the bust by four six eight
different inches and that's noted on the
size chart so if you bought a medium
plus you'd actually be getting six
additional inches on the bus keep that
in mind I'd love for you to click right
here as well leave me your comments your
questions and your feedback on the
adventure tour by subscribing to us at
RevZilla TV our youtube channel now back
to the jacket I mentioned this is the
BMW flavor there's a black there's a
gunmetal I think there's also a high vis
and if we look at it
seee rated armor like I said the
shoulders and the elbows in the back
and you're gonna notice one of the
things that's interesting and more
aggressive look to it is they have these
big temperfoam raised areas that might
be your taste I'm on the fence about it
I could go either way it could be a
cleaner jacket or you might be into that
rugged look that is one of those things
and you're gonna notice here too the way
that it's constructed there's a lot
going on we talked about the drop liner
if you come down here into the set it
and forget it cuff you're going to
notice that the line or pokes out
circumferential zip or zipper for your
rain garden your waterproof breathable
line or notice that easy way to pull it
off easy way to zip it back together
completes that clean seal but you do
have that zipper that pokes out now if
you look at some of the other features
here the main construction you're going
to notice it does have a princess seam
but there are a lot of different areas
of reflectivity when I turn Chrissie to
the side you're gonna see even more but
notice reflectivity in the arm
reflectivity along the bust line and if
you move past or afleck tivity up along
the color you're going to see it's a
nice rolled collar that's not going to
chip it has a little bit of an Adam's
apple break there that again it's going
to be comfort the way it's comfortable
the way it sits down you'll notice these
two pieces of female velcro there that
actually works in conjunction with the
gator that is removable that zips on you
could see that zipper poking out from
under the collar I'm going to tuck it
back in there but there's a 360 degree
zip nano max rain guard gator that goes
around that's fully waterproof again if
you're really gonna dip this guy into
the temperature range remember it is
built to be truly for season and also
notice down here towards the bottom hand
warmer pockets and a waterproof pocket
here along the top I would love to have
seen a zipper there but again finished
really nicely and fully complete now
turn the face away from either Chrissy
now we talked about the armor layout
let's talk about the main construction
shell it's gonna be max tena Pro which
is a 500 d it's a bit of a beefier of
material notice the floss phosphate pipe
line piping that's going to set it off
from a reflectivities standpoint
throughout the jacket and then if
Chrissy reads raises her arm they're
more reflective piping down the side
notice that you do have a gusset down
here for about two inches of
expandability along the bottom and then
along the waist right there at kind of
the midpoint of the hourglass you are
able to cinch it in so again it's going
to be anatomically correct for a
female's body form but you do have some
adjustability there as well Chrissy
turned face away from me now if you look
along the back the field tree logo has
reflectivity in it as well we can get
into that high collar that nicely stands
up and you start to look at some of the
other features that are gonna give you
creature comforts you have your big
exhaust port vent here in the back and
notice this gusset that gusseting right
there is going to allow you to move
your arms like this for me there Chrissy
just go like that you see how that pulls
giving you a little bit more range of
motion and then you just slide down the
back notice it's a long drop seat it's
gonna work with the field to your
adventure tour pants and you're gonna
notice there's also a rabbit pouch down
here which is mesh line as well
additional area for exhaust but allows
you to take the liners out which are
lightweight and very thin I was doing a
ride in Colorado
we're just summiting in descending
mountains it was a road ride and again
you just ended up taking you're taking
your liners in and out and opening vents
constantly because within 20 minutes the
temperature range could really
dramatically change this gives you the
ability to quickly break that down
without having to go into any of your
luggage which is a nice touch and again
more areas of reflectivity here along
the back come back around the front for
me there Chrissy let's open up the guts
really quickly double rain guard here in
the front you notice that rain gutter
gutter beefy zipper that comes down go
ahead and when Crissy opens it up you're
going to see your nano max rain guard
which has a light ripstop element to it
and remember the rain guard static the
Nano max has some flex to it so they
kind of matrix those together so it's a
bit more functional or move with you a
bit more dynamic Napoleon pocket here
and you're gonna notice - this is how I
would unzip that and there's the
difference in the materials you can see
the rain guard versus the Nano max the
interior of the jacket is going to be
mesh so it'll be soft against your skin
or a light weight base layer for
summertime riding remember it's direct
venting through you have good pockets
now Chris he opened up the main
connection zipper there for your
waterproof liner this is that is one of
the nicer investments on this piece this
is your X skinned airliner remember
super thin super warm four times the
warmth of your normal Thinsulate and
notice that that's fully removable it
has pockets baked into it one of the
other nice features here to notice the
dual collar construction fleece lined
fleece lined nice roll they're not gonna
get in the way going to be comfortable
if it gets sticky if it gets humid if
you're raining if you're riding for a
long period of time
you're not gonna have that guy chafe
against your skin fully featured and
complete sub sub four hundred dollars
remember if you don't need all this bomb
proof functionality you can go with
something like the high temp or you can
go with something like the Lena 3.0
which is going to be three season cold
weather the high temps more of a mesh
jacket so the next step in your journey
is to click right here read other rider
reviews of the field shear adventure
tour jacket at revzilla.com remember it
comes with the pant that matched
perfectly to it and as always if you
read those rider reviews see what other
hardcore lady riders are using it for
what they're saying and how it's
performing
them you don't have to take my word for
it we do for freedom if you want to
talk to a gear geek a lady gear geek
see us at revzilla.com or
you